Awesome we know how we can add image to our ratio our document.
How or where we can get nice images and more importantly copyright free images.
First of all let's get rid of this external one because it's going to annoy us really fast though all
these lines of code let me just delete this guy.
And sure enough right now I'm just gonna have the Udemy logo and while getting your images simply from
Google is fine or whatever small projects we're doing for round use whenever you're going to be doing
something commercial you're going to get it in a lot of trouble if you're just gonna say let's say some
kind of images and you'll gonna be using them for your commercial purposes.
So what we need to do is get images that have no copyright issues that are copyright free and obviously
there's many sites that you can use.
But I usually prefer using three of them.
So one of them would be pics eBay then I really like pixels.
Mostly I'm getting everything from the pixels and by the way pixels also has the video ones as well
as you have gratis graffiti and with the greatest graphic.
It's more like funny pictures you see is like with bunch of people.
And again it would work exactly the same way.
So if you're going to go to the site and if you're going to find wherever you're looking for and let's
say in pixels we would like to have technology something like this.
Then I wish they were getting very high quality and copyright free images.
So in this case let's get this laptop and again to work the same way save images.
Again we would say it here.
Let's say a laptop that's going gonna be the name and was gonna get whatever extension it provides us
anyway.
So I'm gonna head over again and we're gonna test it out one more time where we're all gonna say that
this is not gonna be image of me then me in the right image of pixels.
Laptop lets you write underneath the heading 3 the image tagging on and we know that we have the source
attribute and within the source attribute again we're looking for damage.
Now since I would like to have the laptop almost like an actual laptop and let's say here this would
be the image of laptop so pixels laptop would be my alternative text.
So I'm gonna save this.
And sure enough I'm getting my image.
Now the issue is that image is really big and this is something we're all going to cover next video.
But first of all let me just double check it how this is gonna look in my regular browser.
Meaning not in this small one.
That's right next to me by the actual text editor.
So guys do the same thing.
We're gonna look for 127 port five thousand and sure enough still this image is gonna be much bigger.
So next real gonna talk about it how we can adjust the size of the images.